Have showing courses

Need to somehow store the courses that have just been selected and iterate through the table again to find ones tagged with a 1 in the previous options' columns

Maybe run another query on the database?


Have currently opted to save their current three interests into slots on the user table

Next course of action:

! Gather array of courses from the database that match the interests
	-be able to procedurally iterate through them, have them count down (maybe ignore the counter to just get them going?)
		-might have to add a counter in the user table that stores the current number of courses to iterate through(!!!), then it just gets them in incrementing order? Another number to store what slot the user is currently at?
			-This would support returning to the page after exploring elsewhere - can be reset upon new interest selection.

			-Maybe create new table for storing ID/Email/Interest0/Interest1/Interest2/numCourse/currentCourse
				-generate it when they create an account





---------------
currently have the results showing separately, print_r($array[0]['CourseTitle']);

have their position in the amount of courses updating.
Set up so that it shows all the details of the first one
have a button that updates the table with the incremented number then refreshes current page to show the new iteration

figure out how to store the saved courses. New table? just saving their id's? who knows...

----------------
collecting badges to be added

added to the top of each page along with algor - popup will be needed for notification that they earned it

get interest feedback saving fixed - copy journal basically.

On stats page of it, have button that will go to course generate page but with using top three courses. Add top three to to storedInterests table, have them update whenever interest feedback is given

add a table for the motivation PROMPTS - choosing which PROMPT will be randoming one of the questions tagged with interests/subjects if there are different questions for both. Table will be questions, tag(subject/interest)

get the arrangement reorganisation of journal done - look up jquery rearranging list elements drag and drop

stats and subject feedback is based on semester - get week numbers and use that - rough out basic statistic bar chart/pie chart - make sure that the data is formatted to allow for this

see about wrapping it in some responsive design package so that it all stops looking like shit

see about displaying calendar

add limiter for colleges on the explore interests page, so it is also an option that will limit the scope - allow for multiple to be chosen

when exploring courses = they are refined by more selections (&)

look at how to save courses

look at pre-checking current list of interests



SUPER IMPORTANT
----------------
add table with motivation prompts - sinead made table - exploreinterests page and subject feedback page
implement prompts

get interest feedback working - copy journal

fix log-out not working

showing the statistics - testing different chart types - one big page - link to saved courses

checktrue variable exists on the exploreinterests page, maybe i had once queried the database for the course name being mentioned and saved it to checkTrue?

links sorted, headers etc. organised - get navigation bar
(Journal, Statitistics, Testimonials, Explore, Saved Courses, Account(subject change, email address, year, log out))

make table for list of dates

once log out is fixed, look at perma-log in or super long cookie

make calendar table - id,day,month,year,title

implement badges, to be shown on homepage

make it pretty! - look at implementing a responsive theme such as www.fieldmuseum.org - look at media queries, do test of her design

Re-evaluate